Did you know that cats can have different numbers of toes?
Did you know cats groom themselves with their comb-like tongues?
Cats dilate their pupils to see well in the dark.
Cats spend over half their lives sleeping.
Cats have two sets of eyelids!
It is safer for a cat to fall from a very high place than from a moderately high place.
Cat feces contains the parasite Toxoplasma Gondii, which can cause brain damage.
The Simpsons family had cats named Snowball, Snowball II, Snowball III, Coltrane/Snowball IV, and Snowball V (Snowball II).
Cats breath through their noses.
Cats can be toilet trained.
Cats are able to climb up trees, but have difficulty getting back down.
The average housecat can run 30 mph.
The oldest housecat lived for over 38 years.
Housecats live for 15 years on average.
Garfield's cousin is a kitten named Nermal.
Minecraft allows you to domesticate ocelots into cats.
Cats can hear higher fequency sounds than humans.
Cats in the US kill over 1.4-3.7 billion birds and 6.9-20.7 billion mammals a year.
There are more than 500 million cats worldwide.
Housecats and wildcats share a common ancestor that existed 10-15 million years ago.
After touching noses to greet, if one cat raises and tilts its head, it wishes to be groomed.
Cats can have different colored eyes.
Cats shed their fur during the changing of seasons.
Some cats drool.
Cats can chatter their teeth.
Cats can live by drinking sea water.
Cats sweat through their paws.
Disneyland has 200 cats which patrol for rodents at night.
Cats have unique noseprints which are comparable to human fingerprints.
Cats do not often meow to other cats besides their mothers.
The world's fattest cat weighed 46.8 pounds.
The world's smallest cat weighted 1.5 pounds.
The USA has more pet cats than any other country.
Stubbs the cat has been Mayor of Talkeetna Alaska for 15 years.
Domesticated cats may have not existed until about 4000 years ago. Poor catless ancient people :(
Tammaso is the richest cat in the world, with a worth of $13 million.
The oldest cat video is from 1894.
Cats have a lower social IQ than dogs, but are more powerful cognitively.
Pope Innocent VIII said cats were demonic and ordered cats killed. Worst. Pope. Ever.
Felicette was the first cat in space.
Cat owners are 17% more likely to have a graduate degree.
Smuggling cats out of ancient Egypt was punishable by death.
The word tabby comes from a neighborhood in Baghdad, Iraq where silk was produced.
The first cloned cat was CC "copy cat" or "carbon copy", and was born in 2001.
Sphynx cats do not have fur, but they do have a small amount of downy hair.
Cats yawn.
Cats' skin color is related to the color of their fur.
Most cats poop at least once a day.
Onions, garlic and chives are all toxic for cats.
Cats visit the vet on average one time less a year than dogs.
The average cat owning household in the U.S. has 2.1 cats.
Cats enjoy being scrateched under their chins.
Cats can be ticklish.
Cats vomit much more frequently than humans.
Cats can lose as much as 75% of their kidney function before developing symptoms.
FIV or Feline Immunodeficiency is a virus in cats that is related to HIV.
The average 8-pound cat requires 240 calories a day.
A 8-pound cat should eat 273 cups of wet food a year.
Some cats have naturally softer fur than others.
The current oldest living cat is 26 years old.
Cats have a sense of smell approximately 14 times greater than humans.
Cats who fall five stories have a 90 percent survival rate.
Surprisingly, cats have just one life instead of nine.
Ann does not like cats. She is allergic to them.